I have just created something totally
illogical just like about you what who
did say I hate when that happens too
who's your invoices Reyes I think I know
what if you build it he will come means
oh why do I not think this is such a
good thing daddy there's a man up there
you love me what goes what do you think
Gillis grills me all right this is
really interesting you believed in the
magic it happen isn't that enough
Annie it's more than that I feel it as
strongly as I've ever felt anything in
my life there's a reason did you hear
the voice - did you hear it go the
distance
yes her grave is dead you died 1972
are you moonlight Graham I always called
me won't like Graham in 50 years
I'm Billy it's more than that it's
perfect you build a baseball field in
the middle of nowhere and you sit here
and you stare at nothing this field this
game it's a part of our past me reminds
us all that once was good hey this
heaven no Iowa kevin costner amy madigan
James Earl Jones Ray Liotta Burt
Lancaster
sometimes when you believe the
impossible the incredible comes true
field of dreams